welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
cube2 hypercube
a young woman named becky wakes up in
the cube
she enters another room however the room
enters a state of reversed gravity as
she is pulled up and it is implied that
she is killed
later seven captives kate simon
jerry max julia the blind sasha and the
elderly mrs paley
find themselves trapped in brightly lit
cubes each with a panel on each of the
six sides
which are doors to other rooms they come
across
colonel thomas maguire who informs the
group that they must solve a code in
order to escape
a wall then begins to close in on the
group they escape while thomas
intentionally stays behind and is killed
later experiences around the cube reveal
that gravity can operate in different
directions in each room
while mrs paley who is revealed to be a
retired theoretical mathematician
and jerry realize that they may be in a
tesseract or a hypercube
kate notices the numbers 60 650
in every room the group soon realizes
that they are all in some way connected
to izon
a defense contractor mrs paley opens a
panel to reveal her being killed by
simon
who is decapitated soon after by crystal
beams
jerry thinks that it is a parallel
universe while max and julia think it is
an optical illusion
later while the group is sleeping simon
explains
to jerry that he is a private
investigator and is looking for becky a
missing is on worker
meanwhile sasha hears a noise and
awakens everyone
the group finds a floating square in the
middle of the room
which grows into shifting variations of
a tesseract before expanding into a
lethal and rapidly spinning frame
the group flees into another room but
jerry is injured and eventually shredded
by the tesseract which
grows rapidly kate remains to save sasha
who is still trapped in the room
narrowly avoiding death as they group in
one of the corners of the room where the
tesseract cannot reach
as the tesseract conforms back to a cube
and disappears
sasha and kate are separated from the
group as a result
simon starts to suspect that mrs paley
is an undercover spy
so he gags her and ties her up but
crystal beams start protruding from the
walls
simon tries to save mrs paley but paley
refuses to let him go
so he stabs her with his knife max and
julia
disturbed that simon killed mrs paley
leave and abandon him
they then begin to develop romantic
feelings for each other and have sex
but unbeknownst to them they are in a
room that has zero gravity and time
dilated
they age rapidly and eventually die
kate finds the corpses floating in the
air still in mid-coitus
simon alone and hungry goes insane
he encounters a parallel jerry and the
missing becky and kills them both
meanwhile kate finds grisly alternate
realities of her death in other rooms
and is horrified
sasha tells kate that time and space are
distorted where they are
that the tester act will implode and
reality is collapsing
she reveals that she is alex trusk a
computer hacker who is responsible for
the creation of the tesseract
she also reveals that when she
discovered that ison was putting people
inside the tesseract she tried to stop
their operation
but was pursued so she fled into the
only place they wouldn't follow
the tesseract kate however
still believes that there is a way out
kate then finds simon and stabs him in
the eye after he grabs her in another
room
as simon appears behind alex aged and
blind in one eye
proving alex's space-time theory
alex claims that they are all dead which
causes simon to snap her neck
believing that if they are all dead that
it would not really matter if he kills
her now
kate finds that the tesseract is
shrinking and stabs simon in the leg
with his knife and punches him in his
throat
killing him she looks at the numerous
duplicates of jerry's watch and realizes
that
60 659 is the time that the tesseract
will implode
six hours six minutes and 59 seconds
she takes alex's necklace which is
filled with confidential information on
izon
the hypercube starts to wear away and
kate opens a panel in the bottom
revealing a black void at six hours six
minutes and 59 seconds
she jumps in just as the hyper cube
implodes
kate wakes up in the hands of ice on
authorities in an unknown factory
she gives them the necklace but because
of their confidentiality
she is shot in the head and killed by
one of the izon operatives
an ison authority reports that phase two
is terminated as the operatives leave
the facility
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]
you